It's really you
No wonder these four old guys listen to you so much
But I really underestimated him
OK.
I have a showdown.
I am Chu Feng, the young master of the four major families
So it was you that night
Is this an explanation?
Did he explain it to you?
Stinky rascal
How many more things are you hiding from me?
This matter is solved, I'll explain it to you.
Put it on
If I dare to leave today
I'll blow up these people
Young Master, I understand
Your young master and grandson will not die today
Who gave you the courage?
Okay, I'm still leaving today
Can handle adults like you
Somebody break his hands and feet for me
If he dares to resist
Then let's die together
Don't be impulsive, Your Majesty
I'm still here
Shut up
Okay, let's die together.
Don't be impulsive, get away from me
i